# Cardashian
Here's an idea of what I want to create for my capstone.

# Why would anyone need this?
Keeping track of cards is one of the hardest parts about character card games, so I believe a databases creation app would make it easier to standardize card and prevent duplicate or similar descriptions.

This app can be useful to card enthusiasts of multiple levels. Hobbyists who are interested in creating their own game for fun can just make to their friends and family or someone who is serious about making one can private their database and pretend they never existed on this site.

# What inspired this app?
The concept of this app was inspired by my prior employer, who owns a physical card game and would like to give this as a present to my old boss. The biggest problem we had was keeping our cards organized so this tool might be useful for him.

# Features
Card effects will only be generated by dropdowns with presets but will also have to option to use custom text as a last resort or if there is nothing special about them. The card will be viewable in the viewport while editing.

There will be a cards model with
* backgroundImage src
* characterImageSrc
* rank
* title
* description
* category
* effects
* etc

# Technologies used
* React
* Flask
* SQLAlchemy
* Beautiful React Drag and Drop

## Bonus
* Create custom decks from created cards.
* Test the card against players with some rules I made it.
* Analytics: Save examine how often a card is used in a deck
Still going to plan more for this.
